# crypto-ld ChangeLog

## 3.7.0 - TBD

### Added
- Add support for Node 12 Ed25519 generate, sign, and verify.
- Make `sodium-native` an optional dependency.

## 3.6.0 - 2019-08-06

### Added
- Add `LDKeyPair.fromFingerprint()` to create an Ed25519KeyPair instance
  from a fingerprint (for use with `did:key` method code).

## 3.5.3 - 2019-07-16

### Fixed
- Use base64url-universal@1.0.1 which properly specifies the Node.js engine.

## 3.5.2 - 2019-04-16

### Fixed
- Fix incorrectly formatted engine tag in package file.

## 3.5.1 - 2019-04-09

### Fixed
- The `util.base58PublicKeyFingerprint` was released in error. It has been
  replaced by the `Ed25519KeyPair.fingerprintFromPublicKey` API contained
  in this release.

## 3.5.0 - 2019-04-08

### Added
- Add `util.base58PublicKeyFingerprint` helper for computing public key
  fingerprints. NOTE: this API was released in error, see release 3.5.1.

## 3.4.1 - 2019-03-27

### Fixed
- Fix Ed25519 fingerprint generation when running in the browser.

## 3.4.0 - 2019-02-26

### Added
- Enable use of a `seed` to generate deterministic Ed25519 keys.

## 3.3.0 - 2019-02-21

### Changed
- Improve error handling related to the decoding of key material in
  `Ed25519KeyPair`. This is helpful when dealing with key material that may
  be provided via command line or web UI.

## 3.2.0 - 2019-02-19

### Changed
- Remove `sodium-universal` dependency to reduce the size of the browser bundle.
- Ed25519 operations in Node.js use `sodium-native` APIs.
- Ed25519 operations in the browser use `forge` APIs.
- Use `base64url-universal` which eliminates the need for a `Buffer` polyfill
  when this module is used in the browser.

## 3.1.0 - 2019-02-18

### Changed
- Use forge@0.8.0. The new `rsa.generateKeyPair` API automatically uses
  native implementation when available in nodejs >= 10.12.0.

## 3.0.0 - 2019-01-30

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Make key fingerprints conform to the latest multibase/multicodec
  specification. The fingerprints generated by 2.x and 3.x are different due
  to encoding changes.
- **BREAKING**: The only exports for this module are the three key classes:
  `LDKeyPair`, `Ed25519KeyPair`, and `RSAKeyPair`.

## 2.0.1 - 2019-01-24

### Fixed
- No need to bring in `util` in browser environment.

## 2.0.0 - 2019-01-16

### Fixed
- Specify published files.

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: `Ed25519KeyPair` now uses `publicKeyBase58` and
  `privateKeyBase58` attributes, instead of `publicKeyBase` and
  `privateKeyBase`
- **BREAKING**: Changed signature of `LDKeyPair.from()` (one `options` param
  instead of a separate `data` and `options`)
- Removed `ursa` support.
  - Node.js >= 10.12.0: use generateKeyPair().
  - Earlier Node.js and browsers: use forge.
  - **NOTE**: Newer Node.js versions are *much* faster at RSA key generation vs
    the forge fallback. It is highly recommended to use a newer Node.js.
- Switch from chloride to sodium-universal.

### Added
- Added `controller` attribute (to use instead of the deprecated `owner`)
- Added `sign()` and `verify()` factory functions for use with
  `jsonld-signatures`
- Add Karma browser testing support.

## 1.0.0 - 2018-11-08

- Change keyType to type (do match DID Doc usage), add key owner
- Initial NPM release

## 0.1.0 - 2018-10-17

- Moved LDKeyPair code from `did-io`
